[docs] Fix migration guide introduction for charts (#16679)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/migration/migration-charts-v7/migration-charts-v7.md

## Introduction

This is a reference guide for upgrading `@mui/x-charts` from v7 to v8.

> This new major bring improvements (and breaking changes) by fixing some API inconsistencies and updating the way to customize charts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new major brings improvements (and breaking changes) by fixing some API inconsistencies and updating the way to customize charts.
```

The `getSeriesToDisplay` function was removed in favor of the `useLegend` hook. You can check the [HTML Components example](/x/react-charts/components/#html-components) for usage information.

## Renaming tooltip slots and props

> The slots `popper`, `axisContent`, and `itemContent` are replaced by the slot `tooltip` which is now the single entry point to customize the tooltip.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The slots `popper`, `axisContent`, and `itemContent` have been replaced by the `tooltip` slot, which is now the single entry point to customize the tooltip.
```

> For consistency, the `tooltip` props is replaced by the `slotProps.tooltip`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For consistency, the `tooltip` props have been replaced by the `slotProps.tooltip`.
```

```diff
 <LineChart
-   tooltip={{ trigger: 'item' }}
+   slotProps={{ tooltip: { trigger: 'item' }}}
 />
```

> To create your custom tooltip, we provide some helpers:

Reviewer 2: To avoid vale warning
```suggestion
Some helpers are provided to create your custom tooltip:
```

> - To override the **tooltip content**, use the `useItemTooltip` or `useAxisTooltip` to get the data, and wrapp your component in `ChartsTooltipContainer` to follow the pointer position.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To override the **tooltip content**, use the `useItemTooltip` or `useAxisTooltip` to get the data, and wrap your component in `ChartsTooltipContainer` to follow the pointer position.
```

> - To override the **tooltip placement**, use the `ChartsItemTooltipContent` or `ChartsItemTooltipContent` to get the default data display, and place them in your custom tooltip.

Reviewer: The two alternatives are the same: `ChartsItemTooltipContent`.

Author: ```suggestion
- To override the **tooltip placement**, use the `ChartsAxisTooltipContent` or `ChartsItemTooltipContent` to get the default data display, and place them in your custom tooltip.
```
